1. I hope to accomplish at the end of CSC-134 is to get a better understanding of how programming jobs may possibly be like. I feel this is a great class concept as it can help students get a taste of what future work may be like. I was drawn to programming due to my love for gaming. I always wanted to make games thus adding to my want to learn to program.

2. I felt neutral about creating my GitHub account and profile. I feel having a professional developer presence means I should maintain an organized and well-documented repository, and a portfolio that clearly showcases my skills. I'll admit this is something I'm actively working on. I've started organizing my GitHub more intentionally as I’m approaching graduation, and I'm prioritizing creating a cohesive representation of my work that demonstrates my technical abilities and my growth. 

3. My thoughts on AI-assisted learning is that working with AI can be great in many aspects, but many people can develop habits of relying on AI which hinders their learning as they aren't actively learning or remembering important information that the AI could be providing. The way I plan on using AI tools to help me learn without doing the work for me is using AI as a way to learn and experiment with concepts not yet available to me, mostly relating to customization as I love customization and making things in my own style. I feel one example is my GitHub README. I didn't have much experience with CSS and customization, so I wanted to test the waters with making my GitHub pretty, well as pretty I could make it on GitHub. 

4. I expect this programming class to be similar to a job or internship. I feel this can set an example of how the workforce looks/feels like for programmers. The way our approach compares to my expectations is that it aligns really well with the professional environment I was hoping for. Using GitHub for version control, working with AI as a tool, and getting hands-on with industry-standard stuff that I'd actually be doing in a software development role. It's preparing me not just to write code, but learning how to work like actual programmers do in the field.

5. After I start this "internship", I am most excited about how this class adds a touch of job expectations. I feel that this helps me get a better understanding of what the workforce will be like. I am more nervous about how the final version of the project will be like. For example, what if it doesn't live up to the expectations I had in mind. I know this is not a positive way of thinking but I try to set myself to a higher standard as I tend to be an over-achiever. 
